4.1.1:
remove 
4.1.4: 
fix spelling. Equilibrate

4.1.4 bullet point 1 & 2:
Switch the order of bullet points
Point 1: "When initially powered on (Step 3), ...."
Point 2: "Therefore, wait..."

4.1.9
Fix File Path to be: C:\Users\Public\Documents\AIT\ait_exp\TADA\TADA_firmware

4.1.12 Bullet points
Point 3: Remove "in the hood"
Point 4: ...align the camera's view "to see through the sight glass" directly...
	remove the notes under point 4. Replace them with new tips for angling the 
	mirror correctly.
Point 6: Remove this point about the hood

4.1.13 
Remove this point

4.2.1 
Change this to, "In the lab notebook, record the absolute pressure of the lab"

Make sure to add information about summing the ambient lab pressure to the gauge
pressure of the vessel to ensure that the pressure of the vessel is at 1 atm.

4.2.2
Either Remove entirely or adjust it to a humidity test using hygrometer with the
air leaving the Pressure Vessel once an elapsed (time) has passed.
 - Need to do testing to decide this
 
4.2.5
There is a hand written note. A more simple way to say it is: "Tare the scale 
with the weigh boat"

ADD HERE
Specify when and where gloves will need to be worn... probably only when you initially weigh and
handle the material before and after ARIA does her job

4.2.6 delete and change (I would separate this into two sections, Liquids/Gases and Solids, and keep 
them that way until the end. Makes it clearer)

ADD HERE
 - Liquid/Gases Sample 
	-Adjust the mirror so that you can see into the flask
	-Place syringe into syringe holder in ARIA, making sure the tip of the 
		syringe is aligned with the hole in the furnace lid
	-Close and secure the lid on ARIA (more detail needed)
	- Turn off lights to make it easy to see any present flame (refer to 4.2.8)
	- Begin data collection (refer to 4.2.9)
	- Begin recording (refer to 4.2.10)
	- Let ARIA do her thing (I don't know what needs to be done in order to have ARIA drop the 
	material in the flask and begin the measurement but this is where detail needs to be given)
	- Start a timer for 10 mins. (refer to 4.2.13)

ADD HERE
 - Solid Sample
	- Adjust the mirror so you can see into the flask
	- Weigh out sample in plastic weigh boat
	- Carefully insert weigh boat into the holder on ARIA, making certain it is 
		secure
	- As securely and vertically as possible place the funnel on the ring stand arm of ARIA
	-Close and secure the lid on ARIA (more detail needed)
	- Turn off lights to make it easy to see any present flame (refer to 4.2.8)
	- Begin data collection (refer to 4.2.9)
	- Begin recording (refer to 4.2.10)
	- Let ARIA do her thing (I don't know what needs to be done in order to have ARIA drop the 
	material in the flask and begin the measurement but this is where detail needs to be given)
	- Start a timer for 10 mins. (refer to 4.2.13)

- Mention that safety glasses must be worn at all times during an experiment
	
ADD HERE
	Place the lid on the PV and secure in place with the clamps
	Based on the lab's absolute pressure, determine the pressure increase needed
		to obtain atmospheric pressure inside the vessel and adjust the control 
		air inc. pressure regulator to this pressure
	(There needs to be something here about adjusting the outlet flow rate. I'm 
		not exactly sure how that will work)
	If it is the first run of the day, ensure that ARIA is in the lowered 
		position. If it is not, manually lower it until it is touching the plate.
		Plug in the ARIA power source and allow it to reach stand-by 
		position.If it is not the first run, ensure ARIA is in stand-by mode and
		the arm	is in the raised, stand-by position. The LED lights will be lit, 
		indicating it is in stand-by mode.
		
4.2.8 Dependant upon lighting test results

4.2.11 Remove

4.2.12 Remove

4.2.13 Remove, although I think there should be something we do to indicate that 
	the sample has been injected.
4.2.13a  remove

ADD HERE	
	Press the LED button that corresponds to the physical state of the sample.
	Green = Solid
	Blue = Liquid

4.2.13c remove	

4.2.15

	Dash 11 (second from the bottom) - The total barometric pressure, the ambient room temperature and 
										the gauge pressure of ARIA at the time of the experiment (in mmHg)  

4.2.17

ADD HERE	
	Wait the specified time to allow for pressure vessel to be purged. 
	After the specified time and all safety precautions have been met, turn off
		the inlet flow of air and take the lid off the pressure vessel.
	ATTENTION: Any time the pressure vessel lid is removed, the snorkel should be 
		placed over the furnace

ADD HERE
	Details on how to remove bulb flask from ARIA for cleaning

		
4.3
	Remove Dash 2
	Remove dash 3
	Dash 4 - add a reference to Section 5 (ex. see Section 5 data extraction for more details)
ADD HERE
	Unplug the power cable from ARIA 
	Manually lower the arm until it is touching the plate.
	
5

Include the use of ARIA in the file name ( You will want a separate file for this right?)

	
    